packages/create-rakkas-app/README.md, before:

This is the project initializer package for [Rakkas.JS](https://rakkasjs.org).

```
Usage: npm init @rakkasjs [options]

Generate a Rakkas project

Options:
  -V, --version                           output the version number
  -P, --package-manager <packageManager>  package manager to use (choices: "npm", "yarn", "pnpm")
  -t, --typescript                        enable TypeScript support
  --no-typescript                         disable TypeScript support
  -j, --jest                              enable Jest support
  --no-jest                               disable Jest support
  -e, --eslint                            enable ESLint support
  --no-eslint                             disable ESLint support
  -s, --stylelint                         enable Stylelint support
  --no-stylelint                          disable Stylelint support
  -p, --prettier                          enable Prettier support
  --no-prettier                           disable Prettier support
  -y, --yes                               don't show the promt and generate with all features except what's specifically disabled
  -n, --no                                don't show the promt and generate with no features except what's specifically enabled
  -h, --help                              display help for command
```

See the [website](https://rakkasjs.org) for details.

Commit message:

feat: Starter templates: Add cypress and API testing support and option to omit the demo app

packages/create-rakkas-app/README.md, after:

This is the project initializer package for [Rakkas.JS](https://rakkasjs.org).

```
Usage: create-rakkas-app [options]

Generate a Rakkas project

Options:
  -V, --version                           output the version number
  -P, --package-manager <packageManager>  package manager to use (choices: "npm", "yarn", "pnpm")
  -t, --typescript                        enable TypeScript support
  --no-typescript                         disable TypeScript support
  -j, --jest                              enable unit testing with Jest
  --no-jest                               disable unit testing with Jest
  -a, --api                               enable end-to-end API testing with Jest
  --no-api                                disable end-to-end API testing with Jest
  -c, --cypress                           enable end-to-end browser testing with Cypress
  --no-cypress                            disable end-to-end browser testing with Cypress
  -e, --eslint                            enable JavaScript/TypeScript linting with ESLint
  --no-eslint                             disable JavaScript/TypeScript linting with ESLint
  -s, --stylelint                         enable CSS linting with Stylelint
  --no-stylelint                          disable CSS linting with Stylelint
  -p, --prettier                          enable code formatting with Prettier
  --no-prettier                           disable code formatting with Prettier
  -i, --interactive-input                 enable interactive input even when stdin is redirected
  --color-output                          enable color output even when stdout is redirected
  -y, --yes                               don't show the promt and generate with all features except what's specifically disabled
  -n, --no                                don't show the promt and generate with no features except what's specifically enabled
  -h, --help                              display help for command
```
