website/src/routes/_site/guide/pages-and-basics.page.mdx, before:

---
title: Pages and basics
---

In Rakkas, a page is a React component default exported from a module in the `src/routes` directory with a name that matches `*.page.jsx` (or `tsx`).

Rakkas has a file system-based router. The file name determines the URL path. The rules are as you would expect:

| Module name                       | URL path      |
| --------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `src/routes/index.page.jsx`       | `/`           |
| `src/routes/about.page.jsx`       | `/about`      |
| `src/routes/about/index.page.jsx` | also `/about` |

This specific naming convention (`<name>.page.{extension}`) allows you to have your helper libraries and components next to your page components without accidentally exposing them as routes.

A very simple Rakkas page would look like this:

<CodeViewer name="guide-samples" />

## `Head` component

Rakkas provides a `Head` component for managing document head tags. It is simply a repackaging of the [`react-helmet-async`](https://github.com/staylor/react-helmet-async) package.

## Fast refresh

Rakkas supports Fast Refresh which allows you to edit your components and get immediate feedback for your changes without having to reload the page. Function components will be updated without losing their state (class components will lose their state). If you open one the examples above in CodeSandbox and edit a file, the changes will be instantly reflected in the preview.

Fast Refresh only works on files that only export React components. Exporting any other value will fall back to a full reload. Exporting types is OK.

Commit message:

feat!: replace react-helmet-async with a custom component (#96)

website/src/routes/_site/guide/pages-and-basics.page.mdx, after:

---
title: Pages and basics
---

In Rakkas, a page is a React component default exported from a module in the `src/routes` directory with a name that matches `*.page.jsx` (or `tsx`).

Rakkas has a file system-based router. The file name determines the URL path. The rules are as you would expect:

| Module name                       | URL path      |
| --------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `src/routes/index.page.jsx`       | `/`           |
| `src/routes/about.page.jsx`       | `/about`      |
| `src/routes/about/index.page.jsx` | also `/about` |

This specific naming convention (`<name>.page.{extension}`) allows you to have your helper libraries and components next to your page components without accidentally exposing them as routes.

A very simple Rakkas page would look like this:

<CodeViewer name="guide-samples" />

## `Head` component

Rakkas provides a `Head` component for managing the title and meta tags in the document head:

```jsx
<Head
	charset="utf-8" // <meta charset="utf-8" />
	title="About" // <title>About</title>
	description="About page" // <meta name="description" content="About page" />
	og:image="https://example.com/image.jpg" // <meta property="og:image" content="https://example.com/image.jpg" />
	refresh={{ "http-equiv": "refresh", content: "5" }} // <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="5" />

>
```

The format is inspired by [Remix `meta` function](https://remix.run/docs/en/v1/route/meta).

## Fast refresh

Rakkas supports Fast Refresh which allows you to edit your components and get immediate feedback for your changes without having to reload the page. Function components will be updated without losing their state (class components will lose their state). If you open one of the examples above in CodeSandbox and edit a file, the changes will be instantly reflected in the preview.

Fast Refresh only works on files that only export React components. Exporting any other value will fall back to a full reload. Exporting types is OK.
