website/src/pages/_site/guide/environment-variables.page.mdx, before:

# Environment variables

For the most part, Rakkas handles environment variables [the same way as Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/env-and-mode.html). `import.meta.env` will be expanded **in build-time**. Variables starting with `VITE_` will be exposed to client-side code while the rest will only be exposed to server-side code.

_Runtime_ environment variables can be accessed using **process&#x200B;.env** on the server-side. If you're deployment target is `cloudflare-workers`, there's a shim in the runtime code that exposes all `ALL_CAPS` global variables with a string value in the **process&#x200B;.env** object to help with portability.

If you need to access runtime environment variables in client code, you should expose them yourself, e.g., using [`rootContext`](/guide/layout-context#root-context).

## Configuration through environment variables

If you're deployment target is `node`, the generated server supports the following environment variables:

| Variable                 | Description                              |
| ------------------------ | ---------------------------------------- |
| `TRUST_FORWARDED_ORIGIN` | Whether to trust `x-forwarded-*` headers |
| `HOST`                   | Server host                              |
| `PORT`                   | HTTP port                                |

Commit message:

fix(docs): prevent Vite from expanding import.meta.env

website/src/pages/_site/guide/environment-variables.page.mdx, after:

# Environment variables

<!-- WARNING: Don'r remove seemingly spurious <span>s. They exist to stop Vite from expanding environment variables. -->

For the most part, Rakkas handles environment variables [the same way as Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/env-and-mode.html). <code><span>import.meta</span>.env</code> will be expanded **in build-time**. Variables starting with `VITE_` will be exposed to client-side code while the rest will only be exposed to server-side code.

_Runtime_ environment variables can be accessed using **<span>process</span>.env** on the server-side. If your deployment target is `cloudflare-workers`, there's a shim in the runtime code that exposes all `ALL_CAPS` global variables with a string value in the **<span>process</span>.env** object to help with portability.

If you need to access runtime environment variables in client code, you should expose them yourself, e.g., using [`rootContext`](/guide/layout-context#root-context) or [API routes](/guide/api-routes).

## Configuration through environment variables

If you're deployment target is `node`, the generated server supports the following environment variables:

| Variable                 | Description                              |
| ------------------------ | ---------------------------------------- |
| `TRUST_FORWARDED_ORIGIN` | Whether to trust `x-forwarded-*` headers |
| `HOST`                   | Server host                              |
| `PORT`                   | HTTP port                                |
