website/src/pages/_site/guide/navigation.page.mdx, before:

import { SampleViewer } from "./SampleViewer";

# Navigation

Rakkas provieds a `Link` component (in the `rakkasjs` package) for SPA-style client-side navigation. It takes exactly the same props as the HTML `<a>` element but intercepts user's click to handle the navigation without reloading the page. `NavLink` component is similar but accepts `currentRouteClass` and `currentRouteStyle` to style them differently when the `href` property matches the current URL. It is useful for marking the active item in a navigation menu, for example.

Let's add client-side navigation to the previous example by replacing the `<a>` elements with `NavLink` and by adding some inline styling for the active link. Notice how the page refreshes without a full reload now:

import navlinkExample from "$examples/navlink/[userName].page.jsx?sample";

<SampleViewer code={navlinkExample} url="/examples/navlink/Fatih" />

For programmatic navigation, use the `navigate` function exported from the `rakkasjs` package:

import navigateExample from "$examples/navigate/[userName].page.jsx?sample";

<SampleViewer url="/examples/navigate/Fatih" code={navigateExample} />

You can use `navigate(-1)` and `navigate(1)` two navigate one page back or one page forward respectively.

## Page transitions

The `useRouter` custom hook from the `rakkasjs` package has a `current` property. It's a URL object that contains the URL of the currently rendered page. You should always use this property insteaf of `window.location` because, a) `window` is not available during server-side rendering, and b) you'll get the wrong URL during page transitions: When the user clicks on a `Link`, the URL in the location bar of the browser changes immediately but the old page is still shown while the new one is being loaded.

The `next` property of the return value of `useRouter`, if present, contains the URL that the app is transitioning into. You can test for its presence to render some loading animation for example. Also, the `NavLink` component accepts `nextRouteClass` and `nextRouteStyle` props that take effect during a page transition if the `href` property matches the URL that the app is transitioning into.

Commit message:

feat: navigate() now returns a promise and nextRoute styles are applied only on the component that triggered the navigation

website/src/pages/_site/guide/navigation.page.mdx, after:

import { SampleViewer } from "./SampleViewer";

# Navigation

Rakkas provieds a `Link` component (in the `rakkasjs` package) for SPA-style client-side navigation. It takes exactly the same props as the HTML `<a>` element but intercepts user's click to handle the navigation without reloading the page.

`NavLink` is similar but it accepts `currentRouteClass` and `currentRouteStyle` to apply a different style when the `href` property matches the current URL. It is useful for marking the active item in a navigation menu, for example.

Let's add client-side navigation to the previous example by replacing the `<a>` elements with `NavLink` and by adding some inline styling for the active link. Notice how the page refreshes without a full reload now:

import navlinkExample from "$examples/navlink/[userName].page.jsx?sample";

<SampleViewer code={navlinkExample} url="/examples/navlink/Fatih" />

For programmatic navigation, use the `navigate` function exported from the `rakkasjs` package:

import navigateExample from "$examples/navigate/[userName].page.jsx?sample";

<SampleViewer url="/examples/navigate/Fatih" code={navigateExample} />

`NavLink` component also accepts `nextRouteClass` and `nextRouteStyle` props. They are applied while the navigation is underway due the user clicking on this link. This feature is useful for giving the user immediate feedback about the fact that their click has been registered and it's being processed.

`navigate` returns a promise that resolves when the navigation successfully completes and rejects if it is interrupted (due to another call to navigate, for example). If `navigate` is called with a link that causes a full reload, the pormise never resolves or rejects.

You can also use `navigate(-1)` and `navigate(1)` for navigating back or forward.

## Page transitions

The `useRouter` custom hook from the `rakkasjs` package has a `current` property. It's a URL object that contains the URL of the currently rendered page. You should always use this property insteaf of `window.location` because, a) `window` is not available during server-side rendering, and b) you'll get the wrong URL during page transitions: When the user clicks on a `Link`, the URL in the location bar of the browser changes immediately but the old page is still shown while the new one is being loaded.

The `next` property of the return value of `useRouter`, if present, contains the URL that the app is transitioning into. You can test for its presence to render some loading animation for example.
